README.md, before:

# AIRG-LangGraph

**AI Resume Generator using LangChain and LangGraph**

AIRG-LangGraph is a stateful, multi-actor application that intelligently customizes your existing resume and cover letter for specific job applications using Google's Gemini AI. It leverages LangChain and LangGraph to create a robust, deployable solution for job seekers.

> **Note**: This project uses the latest `google-genai` SDK (the official Google Generative AI Python SDK) for interacting with Google's Gemini models.

## Features

- **Intelligent Document Customization**: Analyzes your existing resume and cover letter to make subtle, targeted improvements based on job descriptions
- **Preserves Document Structure**: Maintains your original document structure and formatting while making targeted content improvements
- **Smart Section Analysis**: Identifies different sections of your documents (summary, experience, skills, etc.) and applies appropriate modifications
- **Recruitment Agency Detection**: Automatically detects if the job is posted by a recruitment agency and adjusts cover letter accordingly
- **PDF Export**: Generates professional PDF documents from the customized DOCX files
- **Stateful Processing**: Leverages LangGraph for maintaining state throughout the document generation process
- **Deployable**: Can be deployed to the LangGraph platform for easy access

## Architecture

The application is structured as a LangGraph agent with the following components:

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Input] --> B(Resume Generation);
    A --> C(Cover Letter Generation);
    B --> D(Document Creation);
    C --> D;
    D --> E(Output);
```

### Components

1. **Input Node**: Collects user input including document paths, job details, and output preferences
2. **Resume Generation Node**: Uses Gemini (via LangChain) to generate improved resume content
3. **Cover Letter Generation Node**: Uses Gemini (via LangChain) to generate improved cover letter content
4. **Document Creation Node**: Updates DOCX documents with improved content and creates PDFs
5. **Output Node**: Returns paths to the generated files

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.9+
- Google Gemini API key
- Your existing DOCX resume and cover letter

## Installation

See the [SETUP.md](SETUP.md) file for detailed installation and setup instructions.

## Usage

After installation and setup, you can use the application by:

1. Providing your existing DOCX resume and cover letter
2. Running the application with your job details
3. Retrieving the generated DOCX and PDF files from the output directory

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Attribution

Based on the original AIRG project.

Commit message:

Update terminology to 'source documents' and clarify cover letter requirements

README.md, after:

# AIRG-LangGraph

**AI Resume Generator using LangChain and LangGraph**

AIRG-LangGraph is a stateful, multi-actor application that intelligently customizes your existing resume and cover letter for specific job applications using Google's Gemini AI. It leverages LangChain and LangGraph to create a robust, deployable solution for job seekers.

> **Note**: This project uses the latest `google-genai` SDK (the official Google Generative AI Python SDK) for interacting with Google's Gemini models.

## Features

- **Intelligent Document Customization**: Analyzes your existing resume and cover letter to make subtle, targeted improvements based on job descriptions.
- **Preserves Document Structure**: Maintains your original document structure and formatting while making targeted content improvements.
- **Smart Section Analysis**: Identifies different sections of your documents (summary, experience, skills, etc.) and applies appropriate modifications.
- **Recruitment Agency Detection**: Automatically detects if the job is posted by a recruitment agency and adjusts the cover letter accordingly.
- **PDF Export**: Generates professional PDF documents from the customized DOCX files.
- **Stateful Processing**: Leverages LangGraph for maintaining state throughout the document generation process.
- **Deployable**: Can be deployed to the LangGraph platform for easy access.

## Architecture

The application is structured as a LangGraph agent with the following components:

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Input (Source Documents)] --> B(Resume Generation);
    A --> C(Cover Letter Generation);
    B --> D(Document Creation);
    C --> D;
    D --> E(Output);
```

### Components

1.  **Input Node**: Collects user input, including the paths to your **source** resume and cover letter documents, job details, and output preferences.
2.  **Resume Generation Node**: Uses Gemini (via LangChain) to generate improved resume content.
3.  **Cover Letter Generation Node**: Uses Gemini (via LangChain) to generate improved cover letter content. The cover letter can be a previous cover letter for another job, or it can even contain placeholder text like "lorem ipsum." The LLM will rewrite the body content, but it will preserve personal and contact details, similar to the resume.
4.  **Document Creation Node**: Updates DOCX documents with improved content and creates PDFs.
5.  **Output Node**: Returns paths to the generated files.

## Prerequisites

-   Python 3.9+
-   Google Gemini API key
-   Your existing DOCX resume and cover letter

## Installation

See the [SETUP.md](SETUP.md) file for detailed installation and setup instructions.

## Usage

After installation and setup, you can use the application by:

1.  Providing your existing DOCX resume and cover letter.
2.  Running the application with your job details.
3.  Retrieving the generated DOCX and PDF files from the output directory.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Attribution

Based on the original AIRG project.
